Welcome to this module.
So we finished the actual styling of our website,
we have a responsive design which works quite well,
so actually, we are done.
Well yes and no,
we could keep the page as it is in the current status, the general functionality is fine but there are more
things to be added and one of these thinjgs is flexbox because as you can see right here, it's the
modern way to change the way our elements are displayed,
so it's basically another value for the display property
but a really special value which allows us to add a lot more flexibility to our elements.
So what will we learn in this module then?
Well, we will have a look at the flex container,
this is basically the element, the display flex declaration, so the special flexbox property you could
say will be applied to. In addition to that, we'll have a look at the difference between the main axis
and the cross axis, a specific concept we need to understand to understand flexbox and we'll have
a look at the flex items,
these are basically the items inside our flex container. We'll of course also dive into the different
properties we have and have to look at all the core functionalities of flexbox.
So that's what's inside this module,
let's now have a look at our project and see where we have
certain areas that could be improved.